fix: include sources in source map (#27)
christoph-fricke/openapi-msw: .changeset/eighty-ads-remain.md

---
"openapi-msw": patch
---

> fix compilation warning due to missing sources in source map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a compilation warning in projects using OpenAPI-MSW, which was caused by missing sources in source maps.
```
